Alright then, there's a lot I want to get to. I imagine a lot and have plenty of cool ideas but they all get lost in my memory somewhere and are never worked on. I also have goals but just forget about them or not pursue them effectively. I need a system to ground me in some way. And I do think using tools outside of me for goal-pursuit and creative ideation is useful if not essential for average joe like me (assuming I want to do them in the first place). So what sort of system should I use?
I think before I jump my horses, I should address that the problem I am facing is a much larger one so large in fact that people(philosophers) from ages have spent time pondering about it. This is the classic problem of "What should one do?". It's a difficult question to answer (seeing as people have spent ages trying to answer it but no one quite agrees). Dr. K from what I understand reduces this question instead to "What do I think is worth doing?". He simply says that you should do what you want to do, through exploring things you figure out what you like and don't like, and then you do what you like. This is the explore-exploit framing of this problem, which honestly sounds like a jackpot but also a daunting in the sense that to find out what I want to do with my life I'll have to explore, I don't have the answers yet and despite that I must throw myself at uncertainty and thats scary asf. 

So then a more accurate framing of the current problem is what activities should I do to more effectively cultivate a sense of purpose and meaning.

How do I think, plan, and act effectively?

How do I effectively pursue my studies for NEET/IISER?

TODO:
- create a learning system
- create a ticketing system to compliment it
- create a journaling practice
