Why did I decide to attempt NEET or rather why should I even bother, what value does it bring to me?
The reason why I decided to come here and prepare for NEET was because I have to go to college for a degree so that I can get a job. My options are limited I could either go to IISER or do MBBS abroad but I don't want to be a financial burden on my family so I am against that. And thus NEET felt like the right choice. But I am lost. I want to better articulate what it will do for me and why it is worth sacrificing for it.

I want to do all sorts of things, I want to try out all sorts of hobbies but I can't do any of them if I don't have a job. I need a job. I am too sure about becoming a doctor myself because well I never really had that much interest in it. Although I am beginning to reconsider that since Psychiatry is a valid option. So here's the deal, I don't know what the future holds for me and I don't know what sort of job I'll end up doing but if I manage to atleast get into college I'll buy myself some security of time to experiment around. I was highly skeptical of this approach because well I felt I may be falling into the pitfall of always dreaming about doing a certain thing but never really doing it, always fantasizing how good I'll become once I get this thing checked off. But yeah I can only promise to myself that I'll pursue my stuff in college and not fall into the fantasazing trap. I can only hope my future self doesn't sabotage me. And that is why I should atleast give him the opportunity to pursue them. I want to create cirucmstances where he can thrive and thats why I should sacrifice the things I want to do now. Don't get me wrong I don't mean cutting them out completely, because that would just be foolish. I just mean it being not a high priority.





Why do I keep failing and failing again and again? Now I have even more backlog. Why am I wasting my life away? Why am I like this?