What am I honestly doing mann... why do I keep avoiding my studies. I feel so lost. The holidays are over so soon. And now I"ll be back to the same old daily grind. My life feels so empty and devoid of any joy. I want to do stuff but I am restricted by my studies. And the saddest part is I am not even making any progress there either. I just fall into despair and end up doing nothing, nothing but overstimulating my brain to make it go quiet.

What should I do with my life? What is worth doing? How do I find contentment and peace?

I want to go to college next year. I really don't want to take another drop and drown in misery and guilt. I don't want to waste my life. But there's this lingering uncertainty constantly haunting me. Will I really be able to pass NEET? What will I do if I fail? Will all the money spent on my education [coaching + hostel] go to waste? Whats the point of doing anything if I'll just fail? Why am I trying so hard when I don't even want to be a doctor?
At this rate I know I will fail but no matter how hard I try I keep making no progress at all. WTF is going on with me. I somehow manage to force myself to study one entire day but the next I immediately go back to same old nhilistic routine.
I think my problem is that I don't have an object-cause-of-desire. I've lost it. Isn't life much simpler that way where you don't really have to think nor doubt yourself on your object-cause-of-desire. You just pursue it and shush away any doubts of "Do I really want this?" away. You just live your life hedonistically without any worries and sure there is the occasioanal feeling of "lack" but you shun it away with either anti-depressants or liberal motivational videos.
But thats not how I want to live my life. Then what do I want?

**How do I decide whats worth doing?**

// random rant
#problem: I've noticed that I keep doubting myself, I keep constantly asking if "this" is the right thing to do or not. I guess this is self-doubt?

bruuh, psychiatry as a career doesn't sound so bad. I mean I not sure about the career part (still need to unbundle that one) but as like something to learn, it sounds great. If I get into med-school I'll either do this or neurology or something brain related because I like brains. I want to study brains more, they are fascinating. With all the Lacanian theory I've been getting into I think psychiatry will have a lot to teach both for personal self-help and creating an accurate worldview by providing me with a glimpse into human nature. I'll likely develop skills like recognizing symptoms(ego, tendencies, etc), techniques to effectively deal with them, and a better understanding of people in general.
This interest however stands in direct opposition to Zizek's stance on mental health services. Zizek says that we are facing a mental health crisis because of the extortions of capitalism and all mental health practitioners do is sedate away those feelings of anxiety, depression, and hopelessness thus keeping the system going and never really helping their patients. I want to see how I will tackle this problem.